OSDOCS#6055: Authenticating cert-manager Operator on GCP workload identity (#59895)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/cert_manager_operator/cert-manager-authenticate-gcp.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="cert-manager-authenticate-gcp"]
= Authenticating the {cert-manager-operator} with GCP Workload Identity
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: cert-manager-authenticate-gcp

toc::[]

> You can authenticate the {cert-manager-operator} with GCP Security Token Service (STS). You can prepare and then configure cloud credentials for the {cert-manager-operator} on the GCP Security Token Service cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can authenticate the {cert-manager-operator} on the GCP Workload Identity cluster. The cloud credentials can be configured with the help of the `ccoctl` binary.
```

> include::modules/cert-manager-configure-cloud-credentials-gcp-sts.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Reviewer 2: @swghosh , @xenolinux , after reading this doc, it seems that users will probably not know what the purpose of it for cert-manager, i.e. after configuration, what else then? We seem to need document above configuration will be used by cert-manager for requesting certificates using `cloudDNS`, i.e. "Create a clusterissuer using Google clouddns without specifying explicit credential" as details in https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-9998?focusedId=22351582&page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-22351582 .

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="cert-manager-authenticate-gcp"]
= Authenticating the {cert-manager-operator} with GCP Workload Identity
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: cert-manager-authenticate-gcp

toc::[]

> You can authenticate the {cert-manager-operator} on the GCP Workload Identity cluster. You can configure the cloud credentials by using the `ccoctl` binary.

Reviewer 3: These 2 setences sounds unrelated. Can you relate them in some way? e.g. 
```suggestion
You can authenticate the {cert-manager-operator} on the GCP Workload Identity cluster using the cloud credentials. You can configure the cloud credentials by using the `ccoctl` binary.
```

include::modules/cert-manager-configure-cloud-credentials-gcp-sts.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> [role="_additional-resources"]

Reviewer 4: The additional resources heading needs an anchor ID in addition to the role statement. For example:

```
[role="_additional-resources"]
[id="additional-resources_cert-manager-authenticate-gcp"]
== Additional resources
```

source: [OCP docs guidelines](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#anchoring-prerequisites-additional-resources-and-next-steps-titles-in-assemblies)
